First version of upgrading section (#218)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: doc/docs/usage/upgrading/v0_2_to_v0_3.md

# Upgrading v0.2 to v0.3

When upgrading from v0.2 to v0.3, the installation script simply needs to be run again. However, due to breaking changes, some manual adjustments will be required for existing configurations and workloads.

`CompleteState`

> * `currentState ` has been renamed to `desiredState`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `currentState` has been renamed to `desiredState`
```

# Upgrading v0.2 to v0.3

When upgrading from v0.2 to v0.3, the installation script simply needs to be run again. However, due to breaking changes, some manual adjustments are required for existing configurations and workloads.

## Configurations

`CompleteState`

* `currentState` has been renamed to `desiredState`

`State`

* New mandatory field `apiVersion`
* The field `restart` has been renamed to `restartPolicy` and the value is not boolean but an enum.

## API

Application using the control interface or communication directly with the Ankaios server need to be adapted.

> A new `ToServer` message, `Request`, has been introduced.

Reviewer 2: Is the `ToServer` new message? Or just a renaming of `StateChangeRequest`?

Reviewer 3: I think it was meant as message type.

Reviewer 4: I have now also described the renames and clarified the sentences about the new types, Response and Request.

The two message `UpdateStateRequest` and `CompleteStateRequest` have been moved to the new `Request` message.

> A new `FromServer` message, `Response`, has been introduced.

Reviewer 4: I have clarified this sentence.

# Upgrading v0.2 to v0.3

When upgrading from v0.2 to v0.3, the installation script simply needs to be run again. However, due to breaking changes, some manual adjustments are required for existing configurations and workloads.

## Configurations

`CompleteState`

* `currentState` has been renamed to `desiredState`

`State`

* New mandatory field `apiVersion`
* The field `restart` has been renamed to `restartPolicy` and the value is not boolean but an enum.
* `configs` and `cronjobs` have been removed.

`Workload`

* `accessRights` and `updateStrategy` have been removed.

## API

> Application using the control interface or communication directly with the Ankaios server need to be adapted.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Application using the control interface or communicating directly with the Ankaios server (custom CLIs) need to be adapted.
```
